once there was a little girl by name
Little Red Riding Hood
one morning mom said take this
basket to the sick grandmother but me
I recommend not stopping in the woods like this
do n't make bad encounters
the child, however, approaches in the woods
forgetting the recommendations of the
mom suddenly met a wolf that
the bovine told her everything and the
little girl answered I go to the sick grandmother
the wolf to the words of the child yes
he threw towards his grandmother's house where
he entered pretending to be a Little Red Riding Hood
red and when he saw the grandmother ate
in one bite later also
Little Red Riding Hood arriving at the house and the
wolf that was put in the bed of the
grandmother
I also eat from the woods in the meantime
I get a hunter who had to say hello
the grandmother but when the cottage arrived yes
noticed that the door was open and entered
he saw the big wolf with a swollen belly
lying on her grandmother's bed
the hunter approached the wolf
slowly and pointed the rifle did the
rifle firing a big bang then with
a cutlass opened the belly to the wolf
died from which came out little cap
red
and the grandmother
so it was peace that tranquility
they returned to the great little capuchin wood
red greeted her grandmother and together with the
Mom walked over to her little house
saying we always follow path without
never stop so we won't be ugly
meetings